---
Zettelkasten: 2022-04-26 13:06
---
# Adpro Class 2022.04.26
## Behavioral Design Class Review
### Iterator
* It's from [[Data Structure and Algorithm]] courses.
* Example: Array vs Linked List
* How to iterate on the location (misheard?)
* Provides a way to access the elements of an aggregate object sequentially without exposing...

### Design Principle
#### Single Responsibility Principle (SRP)
* Only one responsibility
* High cohesion: designed around a set of related functions
* Low cohesion: designed around a set of unrelated functions
* Try to achieve this design principle

## Structural Design Patterns
In a nutshell, the list adapter, facade, etc.

### Decorator Pattern
#### Example: Beverages
The code can contain description variables and methods such as getDescription() and cost(), where cost() is a abstract method, but there can be a lot of inheritance so that the superclass of beverages will be bloated with subclasses. So, that's why.

A proposed way for a better design is to make the variable added with whether the ingredients is exist or not. Such as whether milk, soy, whip, are exists or not. That can affect the price changes for condiments, or even making new condiments.

> [!info]
> I am also watching some Twitch from [Tsurugi_Star](https://www.twitch.tv/tsurugi_star). LUL

Another better way to a better design is to separate decorator from beverage. So that, it will turn from superclass beverage with several subclasses, with one subclass is with more subclasses, subsubclasses in this case.

### Adapter Pattern
* Converts the interface of a class into another interface the clients expect
* Adapter lets classes work together that could not otherwise because of incompatible interfaces

### Facade Pattern
* Provides a unified interface to a set of interfaces in a subsystem
* Facade defines a higher-level interface that makes the subsystem easier to use
* It is still possible for client to access classes in the subsystem

#### Principle of Least Knowledge
Talking to your nearest classes
* Invoke methods that belong to:
	* The object itself
	* Objects passed in as a parameter to the method
	* Any object the method creates or instantiates
	* Any components of the object
